hey everybody losing firefights here and
welcome to my first unboxing video I'm
still kind of sick as you can hear in my
voice but I was so excited to do this
that I couldn't wait so I was contacted
by the 1up box company to do unboxing
videos for them so i'm going to give you
guys an honest review of what i think
about this company and I I have an
affiliate link in the description to
what I was saying and if you guys click
on that in order your box through there
it'll help me out a bunch I'm super
excited to be working with this company
every single month so this is arcade
June version of the box and we're going
to get right into it so I'll let you
guys go okay so I want to do a quick sum
up of what 1up box is you can get this
box here for less than thirteen dollars
in the US which I'm in the u.s. am they
guarantee an exclusive t-shirt that you
won't find anywhere else besides box
right here so I'm excited and every box
has a gaming / pop culture related
goodies in it so i'm holding the camera
with my one hand I'm still trying to
figure out how I'm going to do this I
probably should open this beforehand oh
good go okay so I got the Box open now
i'm going to open it you see what
goodies i got in here cuz i'm so excited
okay so first this is the June box like
I had said and this is the arcade
version of the box and it's a little bit
here it's okay though um which I'm
really excited to see what also got in
here so I'm I just want to get going
okay so we have a pacman thing here
which I'm not sure what this does I
think it's just a oh it's a candy I
think whoa let me open this I think it's
a candy at least we're scared to like
rip exciton to like break it there we go
okay there we go oh yeah on hand opening
so it's a candy in here how do i how do
i get the candy I don't know how to get
it so I got it open and you gotta have
to like pull the bottom of it open so
there's these little pegs and candies in
here if you can a focus
focus please poke I think Andy's which
are super cute and it comes in this cute
little Pacman container and opens up
through the bottom so that's pretty flat
dang nifty sorry my voice is cracking
okay so back to the box let's keep
opening so here let's see what we got to
yell where's my foot um I'm not used to
camera things like this so I'm trying my
best guys and this is a street fighter
bubble buddy type of guy bubble buds and
he is scary-looking but yes we got that
um so the next thing we got together oh
it's a lanyard wow this is actually
really cool it says insert coin may give
you guys a better look at those insert
coin and it also has these little little
guys on it from some video game I can't
remember what that's called um it says
press start and we keep going game over
so that's really cute I like that
lanyard a lot okay so let's get going
and we got a t-shirt which I asked for a
size small let's see if it actually came
as a sizable yes it did okay Oh God move
box then okay let's check out the
t-shirt which I'll probably show you
guys a better view of it with me wearing
it this is a fight fight revolution
that's really cute and it says 1up box
on it right here so this is their
custom-made t-shirt that they sent me
which I really think it's cute and I
will probably wear this some point in my
life with like jeans cuz it's cute
alright so let's keep going in the box
we got one more thing I think we have
two more things so this I think this is
a magnet let me open it oh my gosh so I
accidentally tore the back off of this
but this is a sticker here and it's an
arcade sticker and it's super cute I
like that it's all metal II looking it's
really good quality to the so is the
t-shirt the t-shirts really thick cotton
and everything and this is our last item
in here and
it's a spider-man thinking oh my gosh
this is so cool um it's a little
spider-man like a zipper pole there we
go and you put these on your like
keychains and stuff like that so that's
it for the box it's empty here and on
the inside it says a bunch of their info
so here you go yeah and that's really
cute so this box is pretty much worth it
I think this is some pretty cool stuff
that I've got here in my vlog formation
that I've got going with this unboxing
video so hopefully next time I my inbox
something I'll be a little bit more
experienced with unboxing so yeah
definitely worth the buy I will be
putting pictures of all this hopefully
in the video with all that yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed this unboxing video of
the 1up box and I will see you guys next
time